.TH "SOPLOS-REPO-SELECTOR" "1" "2026-01-09" "Soplos Linux" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
soplos-repo-selector \- Graphical APT repository manager for Soplos Linux
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B soplos-repo-selector
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B soplos-repo-selector
is a graphical utility designed for Soplos Linux to manage APT repositories easily.
It allows users to:
.IP \[bu] 2
Select the best download mirror based on speed and location.
.IP \[bu]
Enable or disable specific repositories (Main, Contrib, Non-free).
.IP \[bu]
Manage PPA (Personal Package Archives).
.IP \[bu]
Handle GPG keys for signed repositories.
.IP \[bu]
Restore default repository configurations.
.P
The application integrates seamlessly with the Soplos desktop environment and provides immediate feedback on repository status.
.SH OPTIONS
Application Options:
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show help options.
.TP
.B \-\-help-all
Show all help options.
.TP
.B \-\-help-gtk
Show GTK+ Options.
.P
GTK+ Options:
.TP
.B \-\-display=\fIDISPLAY\fR
X display to use.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/apt/sources.list
The main APT sources configuration file.
.TP
.I /etc/apt/sources.list.d/
Directory for additional repository configurations.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Sergi Perich <info@soploslinux.com> for the Soplos Linux project.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2026 Sergi Perich.
License: GPL-3.0-or-later <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR apt (8),
.BR sources.list (5)
